Eventing Docs updates for 6.6 (#1474)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/eventing/pages/eventing-handler-redactSharedData.adoc

= Function: redactSharedData
:page-edition: Enterprise Edition
:tabs:

*Goal*: Redact Sensitive Data prior to sharing.

* This function *redactSharedData* will remove sensitive data and write "safe" redacted records.
* Requires a metdata bucket, a source bucket, and a destination bucket aliases to "aws_bkt" in mode read+write.

> * Will operate on all documents with doc.type === "master_profile".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Requires a metadata bucket, a source bucket, and a destination bucket aliased to "aws_bkt" in mode read+write.
* Will operate on all documents where doc.type === "master_profile".
```
